VAULT-45716: document max_token_header_size (#2586)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x/content/docs/configuration/listener/tcp/index.mdx

  request size, in bytes. Defaults to 32 MB if not set or set to `0`.
  Specifying a number less than `0` turns off limiting altogether.

> - `max_token_header_size` `(int: 8192)` – Specifies the maximum allowed size, in

Reviewer: We should add this to the pending 2.1 docs, as well, and probably add the error message to both so it's a bit more googleable.

  bytes, for authentication token header values passed with `X-Vault-Token` or
  `Authorization: Bearer`. A value of `0` uses the default limit. A negative

>   value disables the limit. This limit helps prevent denial-of-service attacks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  value disables the limit. The max token size limit helps prevent denial-of-service attacks
```
Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun

>   from oversized header contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  value disables the limit.
```
